all right so we're gonna be doing a
quick little ditty on institutional
order flow
i'm gonna be trading against daily bias
okay and going along here and it's on
the basis of
the cell stops or cell side like already
being taken we've already traded into a
fair value gap around that 4 000 level
and i'm
treating with the idea that it could run
up here and take out the buy stops
above the high of the day
it doesn't need to do that
to be profitable
so my draw liquidity is here
and
noting the buy side liquidity will
take in
clear
profitable shorts
all right
so this is kind of like the
the idea okay the draw on liquidity
now it doesn't need the trade here to be
profitable that's just my best case
scenario
so what i want to do now is draw the
buy side and sell side liquidity pools
and i'll show you the framework
for the logic of why i'm entering where
i'm entering it
and i want you to take a look at the
chart first and see if you understand
what i'm
capitalizing on
pause the video
all right
this here
is the sell side liquidity
so the market has dropped below those
relative equal lows i bought those cell
stops
so cell side is taken
okay so you can see that here
and now what i'm going to target
even though i think it could go but it
may not really get there it can go to 40
51 and take out the high of the day but
let's say i'm wrong
what am i going to aim for this is what
i'm going to take the bulk of my
position off
at
and i got to make this
show on top of the line
okay
and put it on top
all right so i'm reaching for that
now the bulk of my position i'm going to
try to pyramid
and build this this is a little bit
bigger than just the four
contracts but we'll see what i get
now try not to worry about that profit
and loss
that's that's the distraction
pay attention to the price
so we dipped inside that fair value gap
just to the left of us
and we went below to take out the
relative equal lows that's noted here
for the south side liquidity
being taken
so i'm looking for expansion to the
upside
retail sees that as a bear flag
okay so they're thinking lower prices
i'm not
even if i'm wrong about it not going to
4051 i'm confident that we're going to
go up into
the buy side liquidity that's needed in
blue
okay so far price looks
nice it's respecting
the unbind narrative i'm acting upon
now i want you to also monitor how i
manage my stop loss
even though i'm trading against the
daily bias
the fact that we traded down three times
intraday
and took out yesterday's low
by doing so uh
that lack of follow-through
kind of like bolsters i'm gonna do two
more
here trading on to the order block
okay so now i have six contracts long
and i'll move my stop up just a little
bit
underneath that low right there it
should not trade back down into that if
it does i'm wrong and that's fine
why do i feel confident about placing my
stop loss there because if you look
where i have my stop it's basically
inside of
the lower end of that fair value gap and
the old short term high around 9 30. so
i have market structure supporting the
idea
and
we've already taken cell side liquidity
out we're back inside the range
between where my stop loss order is and
the short term high i have noted for buy
side liquidity
so bicep liquidity is the next draw on
liquidity i'll take four of the
contracts off
so
i'm going to annotate what we're doing
here we're just bumping the order block
there
straighten this line out here
okay hold down shift when you're
dragging your trend lines and treating
view it'll automatically straighten them
out
and that is an order block
bullish order block is what i'm
annotating here
so you can see this is all
being done as it happens
i can shoot bubble gun
and walk at the same time
all right and
that's what i'm looking for i'm looking
for that type of movement
so that way we understand what i'm
internalizing
what am i seeing what's likely to pan
out that's what i want
so now i'm going to study see if price
does in fact deliver
with that premise in mind
again if i'm lucky it could expand up
into that 40 51 in the quarter but i
don't need it to because the bulk of the
position which is now six contracts i'm
going to take four off above that buy
side liquidity
should i get the opportunity to do so
and i'll do it on the basis of a market
order
all right so far we're getting some
response off that order block
level i've annotated
ocd is
flaring i like things the way i like
them folks
all right nice little caffeine bar there
caffeine bar is something i named
big
green candles
if i'm bullish i want to see that i'm
embarrassing i see it i don't like it
so i'm just being a little facetious
here
you don't see
that type of stuff called before it
happens that precise
but it's okay i'm gonna give you
some more evidence here today
now this is what you want to do also if
you're practicing reading order flow
tape reading
you don't have to necessarily put a demo
account position on i'm doing it just
simply because a lot of people like to
see it
okay this is me just making sure you
understand that i see this before it
happens
not speaking in
waffles where it's hard to tell what i'm
saying what i'm expecting it's very very
specific
nothing ambiguous is being hinted at in
here
okay so cell side has been taken this is
now being dimmed so that way the focus
is on the
the levels that are more pronounced in
color
now see there's two down closed candles
the higher candle
of the two
i'm going to draw an older block on
it can drop down into that pick up
momentum from there and then the
algorithm will likely reprice
higher to the bicep liquidity
or around that 40 36 level
so i'm allowing for and preparing myself
should it trade down into that level
it might just touch the higher wick of
the two down closed candles i'm
anchoring to i'm using the uppermost
opening price as
kind of like the level i'm looking for
but
that small little wick
high
it might just touch that and be enough
or may not even touch it at all
but when you're watching order let me
make this a little bit more thicker so
you can see it
be able to track what price is doing
now this is one of those instances where
you're looking for price to
kind of like
drive higher you want to do it in like
big candles speed
delivery right to where you're looking
for
traders are now trying to go short
because
they looked at that imbalance the 8 30
the quick sudden drop the market has
come back and rebalanced that now it's
starting to drift lower people that
follow imbalances and things like that
because they've gotten real popular
lately
that
idea they're trying to sell short on i'm
going against that and i'm targeting
them okay so that's a that's a buy right
there
some
order block right there
all right i would adjust that line but
i've already outlined what i'm saying
here it's basically touched the
little wick
so if i wanted to add one more which i
guess i could i could buy one here just
to prove the point but
it is what it is let's assume that this
is all we're going to build on
i want to see it rally higher from here
notice i'm not in a hurry to rush my
stop-loss up
very nice price delivery there so think
about what's being shown here the down
close candles are supporting price
we're seeing expansion
and
where is the bull's-eye
get ready turn 50 my eyes are not what
they used to be folks
i'm sure if it was a rattlesnake i'd be
bit by now
uh there it is i should have checked my
most recent ones at the top
all right so we'll put that right here
that's our bullseye okay
and i can bring my stop-loss up to break
even i'm actually going to get that a
little bit higher
now you can see the profit and loss for
these guys that like to see those
numbers flashing
all right so i'm going to take four off
when it runs above that high and then
i'll
consider moving my stop up and see if i
can get lucky the rest of the day i have
things i have to take care of
administrative things and
video production so should we get this
run up
above i'm going to close four at market
okay just sitting here waiting for it to
deliver
and again those odor blocks were drawn
real time you saw it happen i've
outlined it gave you the logic
and we'll see if we can get
some magic
there we go
so i'm going to
show you the executions here
and we can see the
the business
okay and
i'll leave it up to the market to decide
whether or not it wants to go up here
and take the 40 51 and a quarter level
it doesn't need to at this point i've
booked over five hypothetical thousand
dollars in
this example here reading order flop
and that will be it for this one i
believe
and i'll just change this color here
because now it's been fulfilled
and my typical
sarcastic ribbing
gotta be me
so here is the final here is the buying
four
four thousand six and a quart and a half
and then buying this here
so the initial was buying the fair value
gap sales ops then the order block then
selling four above
here
and i moved the stop loss up
and it tripped me out right there on the
final two
so hopefully you found this insightful
until next time
be safe